when you're looking for your eyes it's
all your stuff don't work good you look
for your clear put the clear stuff like
that I'll break something off you show
you this is the teeth I got out and work
with it make sure it's clear like this
John Creek leaves about boiling just
dick Carla give me several ways to make
a magnifying glass a little bit the deal
of it is gonna be transparent pretty
good like no too much speed through it
pretty good find a clear spot when you
carve making a magnifying glass bugger
rubbing it with your hands and I can
make a servo out round and big I'm gonna
make it start literally taking lines
make it round
and of course when I get it on my lines
or I'll keep chipping in and take my
knife and cut and cut and cut and I will
make this round all the way through so
that be I'll get back with you get most
of carving done by rubbing it the good
round part on it just keep keep rubbing
rub it rub the flat and it will melt it
and up it off metals melt it round and
get your pitch and your stories
I bought you that perfect little slope
like a magnifying glass and work flat
here and tried several pieces and this
works the best
just let it cold blast it really got
thick sticker than is what I got and and
it works really good ice I made solid
ice carved out of Creek and it made fire
you've seen their smoking mini just see
my hand rub you see that the water come
down okay this is my fire that is
blowing it to go you're going with that
fired by